I agree to the processing of my personal data indicated in above form, i.e. e-mail address in order to create a profile on the Foundation's Why R? website. The administrator of personal data is the Why R? Foundation with its registered office in at Krasnobrodzka Street 2 / 190, 03-214 Warsaw. We would like to inform you that obtained personal data may be forwarded to the following purpose to the IT company cooperating with the Foundation, especially Lingaro, that is the main sponsor. Provided data will be processed in accordance with Article 6 point 1 a of Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repeal of Directive 95 / 46 / EC. Personal data collected to create a participant profile will be processed on the basis of expressed consent, i.e. art. 6 par. 1 lit. a GDPR. Data provided for this purpose will be processed until profile exists on the Foundation's website. Data can be processed in an automated way, including form of profiling. Data collected automatically can be used to analyze behavior of users on our website, to collect demographic data about our users or to personalize the content of our websites. Providing data is completely voluntary. I have been informed about the right to access my data and rectification, deletion, processing restrictions, the right to transfer data, the right to withdraw consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing. Also, to oppose profiling in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR. Withdrawal of consent or objection to profiling might be expressed by sending an e-mail to the following address: kontakt@whyr.pl or sending a letter to the following address: ul. Krasnobrodzka 2 / 190, 03-214 Warsaw. Data Protection Inspector at the Why R? Foundation is Michal Burdukiewicz e-mail is: michal@whyr.pl. I have been informed of the right to lodge a complaint to the President of the Office for Data Protection if it is found that the processing of personal data violates the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation of 27 April 2016.